How has computing shaped and impacted your life?

Computing has significantly shaped and impacted my life in numerous ways. It has transformed how I communicate and connect with other, allowing me to stay in touch with my friends and family living in another part of the globe. The huge amount of information available in the internet has broden my knowledge making it easier to learn anything about any topic I am interested in. Moreover, digital tools and technologies have enhanced my productivity whether for work, studies or personal works. Computing has also impacted my method of entertainment, providing vast options for streaming, gaming, and social media. At the end, it now plays a vital role in my everyday operation, influencing my way of life, learning and engaging with the world. 

What changes do you think you will see in society and culture next as result of computing technology?

I think VR and AR technologies will become more integrated part of our day to day life, impacting our education system, entertainment as well as our social interactions. The boundaries between physical and digital world will be get thinner. for example in entertainment, VR and AR are already progressing so quickly that has changed how we consume media, offering more immersive gaming experiences, and virtual shows that go beyond the limitation of traditional methods.


Spend a little time doing some research and tell me about a new and upcoming technology that you think may have potential.

The one of the new and upcoming technology that I think may have potential is Brain-Computer Interface(BCI) like Neuralink. BCIs are new and fascinating  field of technology. Through the direct connection between brain and computer, people can operate tools and equipment with just by thinking. This technology has potential to advance healthcare by helping the one with disability. Additionally, it can be used in VR, gaming to improve reaction time and memory. BCIs like Neuralinks and Brainco have the posibility to significantly change how we interact with technology while improving many people's quality of life eventhough they are still in their early stages of research.